README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Orbitron&weight=600&size=30&pause=1000&color=00BFFF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=650&lines=Husni+👋,+Computer+Science+Student;ML%2FFull+Stack;" alt="Typing SVG" />
</h1>

<h1 align="center">Software Engineer (ML & Full-Stack) </h1>

<p align="center">
✨ Focused on Data Systems, Frontend-Backend Robustness, and Edge Computing ✨
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Husni-01&color=blue" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Husni-01?label=Followers&style=flat" />
</p>

## 🧠 Core Focus & Bio

- CS student focused on backend systems and ML pipelines  
- Interested in **Frontend Engineering & ML**
- Exploring **Java, Spring Boot, Python, Flask**
- Open to collaborative projects

## 🛠 My Technical Arsenal

### Languages & Frameworks
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaFX-2C2255?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java_Swing-007396?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=spring&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>

<!-- Frontend -->
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=javascript&theme=dark" height="29"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>


### Tools & Platforms 

<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=postman&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>


### Databases
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>

### Design 
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=figma&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-00C4CC?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>


## 📊 GitHub Performance

![Contribution Graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Husni-01)

Commit message:

Add experience with Generative AI tools to README

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Orbitron&weight=600&size=30&pause=1000&color=00BFFF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=650&lines=Husni+👋,+Computer+Science+Student;ML%2FFull+Stack;" alt="Typing SVG" />
</h1>

<h1 align="center">Software Engineer (ML & Full-Stack) </h1>

<p align="center">
✨ Focused on Data Systems, Frontend-Backend Robustness, and Edge Computing ✨
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Husni-01&color=blue" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Husni-01?label=Followers&style=flat" />
</p>

## 🧠 Core Focus & Bio

- CS student focused on backend systems and ML pipelines  
- Interested in **Frontend Engineering & ML**
- Exploring **Java, Spring Boot, Python, Flask**
- Experienced in leveraging Generative AI tools (ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini, GitHub Copilot) for development, debugging, and research workflows
- Open to collaborative projects

## 🛠 My Technical Arsenal

### Languages & Frameworks
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=java&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaFX-2C2255?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java_Swing-007396?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=spring&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>

<!-- Frontend -->
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=javascript&theme=dark" height="29"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>


### Tools & Platforms 

<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=postman&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>


### Databases
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mysql&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>

### Design 
<img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=figma&theme=dark" height="30"/><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-00C4CC?style=for-the-badge" height="30"/>


## 📊 GitHub Performance

![Contribution Graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=Husni-01)
